# Sprint-Review-And-Retrospective-

# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?

The way in which I interpret user needs and implement them into a program is by understanding their goals, requirements, and expectations, and then translating them into a program. 

Creating "user stories" help with this is by enabling communication between stakeholders, developers, and users. Through the user stories, one can understand the needs and expectations that the stakeholders and users have. Then, the team can begin prioritizing them based on user value and resources can be allocated accordingly. Additionally, user stories encourages incremental development which allows for lower risks and for more valuable product to be delivered more often. The involvement of users and stakeholders allows for more frequent feedback to be delivered to the team which ensures that everyone knows what expectations are in place at all times. Finally, user stories help document the needs of the users as well as the decisions made throughout the development, and the progress made so far. This promotes transparency and helps the development team share and communicate their knowledge with the rest of the team more efficiently. 

# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?

There is a process to be used in order to approach developing programs. The first step is to understand the problem that has to be solved by gathering requirements from stakeholders and users. This will give the team a more clear idea of what the program will need to achieve. Next, the team begins planning, designing, and breaking down tasks. To do this, a detailed plan is created which outlines the various functionalities, features, and architecture of the program. The user interface and user experience is designed and the team ensures that it is user-friendly. The various tasks that are created during the planning stage are divided into more managable tasks. This helps the team make the work more managable and allows for incremental development to happen. Then, the team begins to code the program and once it is created by following coding best practices, testing and quality assurance happen. This phase allows for any bugs and errors to be fixed and for scenarios to be created. These scenarios help the tester see if the software works as expected and ensure that no errors are found. Finally, the product is presented to the users and stakeholders for approval and feedback. Once the product meets their expectations, deployment begins. During this phase the product is deployed to the targeted audience and it is ready to use. Updates and maintenance will happen after deployment ensuring that the product works as expected, and any errors or bugs that might arise as taken care of accordingly.

Some of the agile processes that I hope to incorporate into my future development work are scrum framework, user stories, and retrospectives. First, Scrum Framework allows for the project to be broken iterations called sprints. These sprints usually are time-boxed in 2 to 4 weeks each. This process also allows for a backlog of user stories to be defined. Once these user stories are defined, they can be prioritized for each of the sprints. Additionally, Scrum Framework allows for daily stand-up meetings to happen. Stand-up meetings are usually 15 minute meetings in which progress is discussed, as well as challenges and what the next steps of the development will be. Next, user stories allow for the development team to create them based on the needs and expectations of the users. This helps them have a clear idea of what type of product should be delivered. Once the stories are created, priorization happen. This helps guide the team through the development process and helps ensure that a valuable product is delivered during the deployment phase. Finally, restrospectives is another process that I hope to incorporate into my future development work. Regular restrospectives conducted at the end of each sprint allows for reflection on the things that went well, the things that could be improved, and to make decisions based on what steps could be taken to better the process. Overall, I believe there are many processes that could be incorporated in my future development work in order to fit specific needs and constraints found within my projects and team. Regularly looking for ways to adapt the various Agile practices into my development work in order to optimize it and achieve better outcomes will generally be my end goal. 

# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?

To be a good team member in software development requires a combination of communication, technical skills, and collaboration, among other things. Some of the attributes that describe a good team member include the ability to problem solve, collaboration, and continuous learning. First, a good team member is able to approach the various challenges that arise throughout a development process with a logical and analytical mindset. Additionally, a good team member will be able to seek solutions to complex problems by breaking down the issue. By breaking it down, one can find potential solutions to the problem and chose the best approach. Next, a good team member should be able to collaborate with the rest of the team. One should be able to work and communicate with the rest of the team efficiently by sharing knowledge or offering help. Respecting other people's perspective and contributing to the team are also practices used by a good team member. Finally, a good team member will continuously learn. Being able to grow knowledge and be proactive by learning about new technologies, best practices in software development, and tools can help the rest of the team solve problems that might arise throught the development of a product. Good team members will share this knowledge with the rest of the team, helping them progress in the development of the product more efficiently and will bring new ideas to the table. 
